#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==0.12.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==21.2.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.4
    # via requests
click==8.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dill==0.3.4
    # via tensorflow-datasets
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow
future==0.18.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.5
    # via tensorboard
google-auth==1.34.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
googleapis-common-protos==1.53.0
    # via tensorflow-metadata
grpcio==1.34.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.1.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.2
    # via requests
keras-nightly==2.5.0.dev2021032900
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.3.4
    # via tensorboard
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   opt-einsum
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
protobuf==3.17.3
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
rarfile==4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   promise
    #   protobuf
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
tensorflow-datasets==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.5.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.2.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tensorflow==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
tqdm==4.62.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via tensorflow
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via requests
werkzeug==2.0.1
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.36.2
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via tensorflow

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
